hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we are
talking about the 1996 film Mission
Impossible the first film in the Mission
Impossible series so let's get started
the film's heard set up following Jim
Phelps the head of a team known as the
impossible mission force or IMF the team
is being used to intercept a man in
Prague who is trying to steal the IMF
non-official cover list also known as
the NOC list which links code names of
agents to their real names this would be
highly valuable to those who want to get
rid of these agents however the mission
goes wrong and nearly the entire team is
killed including the team lead Jim
Phelps and his wife Claire
all except Ethan Hunt who does survive
Ethan sets up a meeting with the IMF
Director Eugene Kittredge Ethan finds
out that the whole job was a ruse to try
to lure out a mole in the IMF who has
been communicating with an arms dealer
named Max as part of something known as
job 314 Kittredge suspects that Ethan is
the mole as he is the sole survivor of
the mission and Ethan realizes he is
surrounded by IMF agents
Ethan escapes and returns back to his
safe house there he discovers that job
314 is not actually a job but is
referring to the book of Job from the
Bible which are spelt the same while at
the safehouse Clare Jim Phelps wife
returns explaining that she ran from the
car she was in before it exploded once
the mission was aborted
Ethan sets up a meeting with the arms
dealer max who turns out to be an older
British woman and Ethan tells her that
he will give her the real NOC list
in exchange for ten million dollars and
the identity of job who is the mole in
IMF Ethan recruits Luther stickell a
computer expert as well as Franz Krieger
a pilot in order to break into the CIA
headquarters to steal the real NOC list
there's a great deal of security and
they must come in from the ceiling but
eventually they're able to get the list
Kittredge finds out that the list has
been taken and has Ethan's parents that
rested on trumped up charges to get
Ethan to column Ethan intentionally lets
them track him to London to
bringing the IMF to him Ethan runs into
Jim Phelps we had previously thought was
dead Jim tells Ethan that Kitteridge is
behind the whole attack which Ethan
pretends to agree with but Ethan
realizes that Jim is the mole was the
reason his team is dead and is really
joke they part ways
but Ethan is uncertain if Jim's wife
Claire was involved or not
Ethan sets up an exchange for the NOC
list on a high-speed train while max
attempts to verify the list
Ethan takes the ten million dollars and
Claire comes to meet him
however Claire reaches the baggage car
and meets with her husband Jim where she
talks about whether they should kill
Ethan or not
however Jim is not actually Jim but
Ethan wearing a mask and a ploy to test
whether Claire is working with Jim the
real Jim appears and takes the ten
million dollars from Ethan Ethan puts on
glasses with video capabilities to
relate to the IMF agents aboard the
train that Jim is still alive Jim tries
to shoot Ethan but Claire ends up taking
the bullet Jim climbs to the roof of the
Train where Krieger the pilot that Ethan
used earlier in the film is waiting to
airlift him off the train they enter
into a tunnel and using some explosive
gum from earlier in the movie
Ethan blows up the helicopter killing
Jim and Krieger Kittredge arrests max on
the train and Annapolis is returned
Ethan and Stickle are exonerated but
Ethan resigns from the IMF however
aboard a flight home a flight attendant
uses a coded phrase and offers him a new
mission indicating he probably does take
it well that was the spoilers for
Mission Impossible if you have a film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching